Stephen Murphy led to Belfast Johnson to
the motor points arena on a Sunday night
the Giants were successful soon here
over the Stingray Saturday Christensen
back behind the bench for the Steelers
he saw his team beat the company likes
fortune suit at the SkyDome arena than I
do here a big battle lay ahead Murphy
vs. Doyle a battle of the goalies both
inadequate subsidies who was gonna have
the best Sunday welcome opportunity
before they melt first Giants and we got
scalded the company would seize money
down and Chum Darnell has no alternative
but to put the Giants on a power play
four on three power plays well with
Lloyd and Spencer off on coincidental -
the Giants went to work an early
opportunity on the power play swear
speaks of his only bank and sludge past
Doyle the Giants led by a goal to nil at
full 14 white cotton picks up the assist
as you can see swish takes the shot
pictures only banged up
patience personified he shoots he scores
the Giants lead by one - zip
interference minor against Jason
Hewitt's at 4:45 a second early power
play for poor ladies team put comes back
from surrett san roque with an absolute
hammer and the Giants led sunil at 514
excellent work from Sir X lovely passing
to San Juan
nobody can block the shots Franco can't
seize fangirl can't stop ease its to nil
to pop like strikes for the john snap
our plates onto the steelers swears was
up for holding the steelers with the
one-man advantage annum Keith takes a
nasty one in the gutter with a book for
free to Gerson we shoots he scores the
Steelers back in it at 8:25
Gangu total commitment blocking the
shuttle from Keith the rebound force
against him and at last the Steelers
fans have something to smile about - one
Steelers back inning but not for long
swears again seems unstoppable the puck
comes back out - : shields and shields
in fires hole
14:19 sweat and phillips with the
assists the former Steeler colleague
shields with the goal and the Giants
again extend their lead to sue so four
goals in the first period zero in the
second we're in the third period now and
this was the hammer blow white cottony
teased the back ends one past door 4401
a three goal advantage for the Giants
nice finish from white cuts in four to
one storm the Steelers on the power play
midway through the second period blank
way I'll avoid takes a deflection that
confuses Murphy but were good which the
stream is back in
still 1237 together but was going for
the infliction just confuses me it takes
its tear down in the shop who cares
the steel is back in it I'll try try and
they did they dominated the third
session
the Steelers couldn't get back any
Christensen calls a timeout late on the
Steelers have the extra attacker they've
now pulled the goalie don't first have a
chance after the green misses but
excellent defensive work from Langley
puts up the shot from Belfast and the
stateless well they created another
couple of chances he was too little too
late though Murphy victorious the
Belfast Giants win this one by four
goals to two they extended their lead at
the top of the elite league Rob Stewart
and Paul a b24 mysterious happening
consolation prize for Frank Doyle we
want October's Shivling Steelers Player
of the Month award
from the supports club congratulations
to Frank let's see other what coach Doug
Christiansen exercise doke firstly
welcome back and I'm sure you'll be as
disappointed as most of the II couldn't
have been a four-point weekend that you
came back to no doubt about it I thought
in the second third period we were
outstanding I thought our edge energy
levels were great we are winning loose
puck battles we are creating scoring
chances we were transitioning from
defense to offense the way that we want
to it was very reminiscent to last night
where things are flowing and things are
clicking but you know what you fall
behind against a very good team like
Belfast they're in first place for a
reason and you dig yourself a hole
that's tough to get out of and that's
what happened to us tonight it was that
first period and a couple of a couple of
penalties and a couple of well-executed
apparently yeah you know what we talked
about Darrell Oy before the game he drew
three penalties against us they wind up
scoring an goal off of one of them maybe
even two of them he's a player that has
an impact on a game and he did it did so
it's night but for us as a team we need
to be a team that's able to kill those
penalties when we get get those calls
against us okay would all be out of a
critical if I said I apply a power play
doesn't look as perhaps good as some of
the others right now and he just doesn't
seem to be clicking and finding the
productivity that I'm sure you would
like I think it's a Productivity I
thought tonight for the most part and
last thing we possessed the puck in the
offensive zone we thought in the third
period but the one power play that
really hurt us was the five on three and
you know what that's that's the one that
will you look back at the game we had
full intermission to prepare for it we
prepared for it it's into our way yeah
talk to us now about what you do
throughout the week you got a couple of
injuries you've got a couple of knocks
and you've got a huge weekend ahead of
you against Nottingham from a team
perspective obviously good to have you
back for that that whole week what what
do you now prepare and how do you try
and get from where we are today to where
we want to be next Saturday we're gonna
prepare like it's the d-day invasion
it's pretty darn important for us we're
gonna watch a lot of video we're gonna
spend a lot of time getting the team
ready Natyam is a very nuanced team they
have a tremendous amount of systems a
lot of faceoff plays they've got all the
different wrinkles in the world they're
a team that's won a lot of trophies over
the last few years and Corey will have
them ready it's a big weekend for them
it's a big weekend for us so what we're
really going to do
focus on getting our bodies healthy
making sure that we're peaking towards
the weekend but making sure that were as
absolutely prepared as it possibly can
be you say buddies back for the weekend
it looks at Stefan may be out perhaps
longer than a weekend are you hoping the
perhaps dose team will be able to be
backing up for them I have no confidence
I shouldn't say that I am not confident
that either of them will be back I think
that both of injuries that will keep
them off
you